Write so now that the team template is done we can now start to convert it into a WordPress theme.
So I have a default installation of wordpress.
And what we're going to do here is we're going to create a new theme folder.
So I have my wordpress installation over here I'm going to go to W.P. content and then themes and let's
create a new folder and we'll call it my shop all right inside my shop.
We're going to create index P2P file
and we're also going to create a style Daut CSSA file.
OK.
And let's go ahead and put our declaration in in our style CSSA file.
So I'll say the name
is going to be in my shop.
The author
can put your name there also.
Or you are out or you are actually
a description
and version of
it.
So save that and now if I go to the back end here and go to appearance and then theme's you can see
we have my shop.
All right.
I do have a screen shot that I can pop in there which will be in your project files
in my shop and just going to paste that in.
All right.
So now we have my shop.
Let's go ahead and activate it obviously right now if I go and reload the front end it's just blank
.
All right.
So let's open it up.
Open the folder up in Windows
and do what we want to do is also open up the HTL file our age html template that we created which is
my desk top.
All right.
So what's spring over the C Ss and the JSA folder.
Now we have a style dord CSSA in our WordPress site.
So what I want to do is I'm going to take everything out of the app CSSA folder from our template and
I'm going to put it.
I cut that out and I'm going to put it into style dots CSX and save it OK and then we can actually just
completely delete the see.
SS
All right.
So now in the index ph P folder we're going to put everything from our index each team mouthfull.
So let's open that up and I'm going to copy everything here and then bring it over to index page.
All right let's save that and if we go to our Web site reload you can see all of our age team is here
.
OK.
The CEO says this isn't connected yet so we're not seeing that.
But you can see the aged him out.
All right.
So let's go to the top of the file and we're going to fix our style sheet declarations and actually
before we do that we can add our title.
So we'll get rid of that and when I say P blog pinfall and in here we're going to put in name
and then for the style sheets we have foundation.
This one is in the CSSA folder.
So what we can do here is say the echo blog and file and in here we want to say template you are Al
slash CSSA slash Foundation.
And then this one we're going to replace this whole thing here
with fog and fall
and here we can put in
a style sheet underscore you l Let's save that reload and I can see that our success is in effect now
in the head.
The last thing we want to put up here is we want to save THP and then we want W.P. underscore head.
OK that'll put any extra stuff that is needed into into the head file or into the head tags.
So we're just going to work from the top down the body.
We also want to add our body class so we're here let's say DHP go in for the class
help.
Actually we don't need go
now for the logo.
We're going to do something that we haven't done yet.
We're going to implement an image and a logo upload from the theme customized.
So in order to do that we need to create a function's file.
So in our theme folder let's create a file called functions Daut ph P
and we want to create a function for theme support and we need Pietsch Peter agues here.
OK so we're going to say function and we're going to use an M-S prefix for my shop team set up.
All right.
So we're going to say ad
themes support and then and here we want custom custom Dasch logo
in let's see what else.
I think that's good for now so let's create our ADD action
and then here we're going to put after set up theme and then we want mass underscore theme set up.
Save that.
And then let's go to our index page.
And we're going to replace this static image and we're going to open up.
So Peter Higgs let's check to see if the function exists.
So if function exists the underscore custom underscore will go OK if it exists then we want to run it
right now we can do is go into our backend and in the theme we're going to say customize go to site
identity and now you should have this area here for a logo.
All right.
And when it clicks like the logo in we're going to find it somewhere it's worth it
and get it right here and select should be able to make this much wider and say Krop image and save
and publish Snell's go to our front end and reload.
And now we have a logo.
So now let's do the menu.
All right so we'll go back to functions of P P and we to go back into the M-S theme set up function
and we want to set up nav menus.
So say register underscore nav menus and in here we're going to have an array
and let's say primary
and primary menu.
Now save that and go to index ph P and we have our menu right here.
I'm going to just get rid of it completely
and then we'll do ph P W P and the score Nav. underscore menu.
And inside there will have an array
right.
And let's say theme location
which will be primary and I'm also going to add a container class
and that's going to be on the menu simple and main nav.
OK it's just going to add the classes that we had before.
All right now I think yeah that should be good so I'll save it and then let's go to our backend and
I'm going to go to.
First of all we'll reload.
Now we should have a menu option so click that.
Let's see going to
get rid of that keep the sample page.
All right.
And make sure that you have this primary menu checked.
OK we'll say save menu and reload.
And now we have our menu.
OK and if I click on it you can see the links changed.
You won't see it down here because we don't have that area of the themes set up yet.
It's just static content for now.
But the menu is working the logos there.
Last thing I want to do in this video is just before I forget I want to go down into the water and see
right underneath the footer tags would put W.P. underscore Forder.
All right save it.
And that should give us the admin menu up top.
All right so in the next video we're going to be working with these widgets.
I'm actually going to show you how to create a custom widget for our showcase area.
All right.
So I will see you in the next video